Add information about installing nix by pacman (#399)
NixOS/nix.dev: source/tutorials/install-nix.md

For security you may want to [verify the installation script] using GPG signatures.
:::

> For Archlinux, you can install nix by `pacman`. See <https://wiki.archlinux.org/title/Nix>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Arch Linux

On Arch Linux, you can alternatively [install Nix through `pacman`](https://wiki.archlinux.org/title/Nix#Installation).
```
